It should verify for client and server auth (#82)
tlswg/tls-subcerts: draft-ietf-tls-subcerts.md

: The signature algorithm of the Credential key pair, where the type
  SignatureScheme is as defined in {{RFC8446}}. This is expected to be

>   the same as CertificateVerify.algorithm sent by the appropriate peer.  Only signature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the same as the sender's CertificateVerify.algorithm.  Only signature
```
